docs: update upgrading (#45402)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/reference/architecture/agent-update-management.mdx

### Teleport Cloud

If you are using Teleport Cloud you can use Teleport Cloud's version server
only if an instance is enrolled in automatic updates. This version server will always
target the best version from a feature, compatibility, security and stability
point of view.

If your Teleport Cloud control plane is not automatically updated you must not use
automatic agent updates. This is because your Teleport instance version might
differ from the other Teleport Cloud instances and might not yet support the
latest agent version.

### Self-hosted Teleport

If you are self-hosting Teleport Enterprise you can set up automatic agent updates.
A version channel is required to provide agent target version
which there is a default provided by the Teleport Proxy

> Service. You can add override the default version or set other channel versions.

Reviewer: ```
A version channel is required to provide agent target version
which there is a default provided by the Teleport Proxy
Service
```
We should fix the grammar in this sentence, since it comes across as pretty jumbled. I'm not sure what the intended message is.

Author: thanks @ptgott , please see update

You are responsible for ensuring the targeted version is compatible with their
current auth/proxy versions. You must also monitor the agent's health and

> rollout status to ensure every agent is healthy and running the correct version.

Reviewer: - What does "their" refer to?
- "Auth Service and Proxy Service" instead of "auth/proxy". We're writing for users who may not be familiar with these terms, so we should use consistent names and capitalization.

### Teleport Cloud

If you are using Teleport Cloud you can use Teleport Cloud's version server
only if an instance is enrolled in automatic updates. This version server will always
target the best version from a feature, compatibility, security and stability
point of view.

If your Teleport Cloud control plane is not automatically updated you must not use
automatic agent updates. This is because your Teleport instance version might
differ from the other Teleport Cloud instances and might not yet support the
latest agent version.

### Self-hosted Teleport

If you are self-hosting Teleport Enterprise you can set up automatic agent updates.
The updater uses a version channel to retrieve the targeted version for an agent.
The Teleport Proxy Service provides a default version channel that matches to its current version.

> You can add override the default version and set additional channel versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure the default version and set additional channel versions.
```

> You are responsible for ensuring the version channels are compatible with the

Reviewer: ```suggestion

You are responsible for ensuring the version channels are compatible with the
```
I would start a new paragraph here, since this is a new thought, and the paragraph is a little long.

### Self-hosted Teleport

> Self-hosted Teleport Enterprise users can set up automatic agent updates.

Reviewer 2: I think we should refer to the reader as "you" instead of "they" - _if you are self-hosting Teleport then you must..._

Author: Thanks @zmb3 , please see update.
